    My name is zhongqiang, come from hubei province. Graduated from China University of Mining and Technology in 2009, majoring in communication and communication systems.
    I joined the work in 2009 and have worked in three companies so far. From 2009 to 2010, i worked at China Unicom Hainan Branch, engaged in wcdma network optimization. From 2010 to 2013, i worked at Alcatel-Lucent, engaged in gsm base station system integration test. From 2013 to now, I worked at ZTE. 
    At zte,my work at ZTE is divided into two phases. First phase, engaged in wcdma user plane system test, include release version regression test, new features test, on field customer problem solved and support. Second phase, engaged in iaas/paas cloud manage system smart operation project as a agile QA, till now, cloud env objects CPI index analyze , Large screen display by data center and by cluster top analysis, topology collect and provider service for paas platform. 
   In the testing phase, first understand the details of the feature requirements with ba and development via communication, write test cases through the MFQ test case design method, then prepare the test environment, execute the test cases, and write automated test cases.
   Our automation test framework composed of testcase Robotframework and test scripts languge python ,shell. Other tools and lib such as selenium for web test, requests for http client, flask for mock http server, promiko for ssh client, rabbitMQ with client pika for mock publish/subscribe message, ansible and shell expect tools for auto deployment.
   Build our CI/CD pipline using jenkins collaborate with tools maintain team. my job for pipline include prepare pipline running paas platform , writing update component script, writing trigger testcase and upload version pkg to release repo using python and shell.
   Our agile team consists of eight members, one scrum master, one BA for requirement detail clarification and develop docments output, one QA for ac test and other five developer. Each sprint cycle has two weeks. 
   Three type meeting are holded for each sprint, At beginning, sprint plan meeting for decided which and how many features should be done at this sprint. daily meeting holded each day morning for share What did you do yestoday, what are you planning to do today, is there any blocking problem. sprint review hold at the end of sprint for review release feature quality and What are the good places we do and what needs improvement .
